Now to log out.
We need a new action which we can dispatch.
So in the off file in the actions folder I will add a new action creator doesn't really matter where
you added I added down there and I export it and name it log out which all sounds like a fitting name
to me.
I expect no arguments there and I need a action identifier for logging out though.
So here we can export
contest log out with the log out string and now you stand down there.
And in this action creator which is a normal action creator where I don't need to send any age TTP request
or anything like that I just dispatched his log out action the end where I create this log of action
object.
Now we can use that and I want to be able to log out with the help of the site draw in the site draw.
I want to have this log out button.
That means that we need to do something which we haven't done before.
We need to add a new button to decide draw.
Thus far we only have the automatically created buttons but adding your own content isn't too hard.
For Dad let's go to the shop navigator file where we set up the draw.
Here it is and then here.
Besides my content options you can also add a content component here.
This allows you to add your own content for decider or instead of the default content.
Now this takes a function which receives props because in the end this is a react component which you
add here so it gets props and it has returns turns J.S. X and therefore you need to make sure you're
importing react from react and we'll all need a couple of other imports.
We also need to import something from React Native and that should be the safe area.
View and I also want to import the button from HREOC native In addition from react navigation we need
to import the draw items and all the various native again.
I also need to view the ways that import it let's go down to our newly added content component.
And here we can now return a View with a style of selects one you can of course all had a style sheet.
I'll just add inline styling and by the way this component could of course also reside in a separate
file it doesn't have to be created on the fly in this file now in this view I want to have a safe area
view and there make sure you add force inset equal to top always horizontal never and this just controls
how it is is laid out and in that safe area view you should now add to draw items an important pass
props to those because these are the default draw items which are rendered and that should still be
the case.
And in order for them to be configured correctly you need to pass and props which is in the yet passed
and by react navigation and holds all your draw or consequence on.
And now you can add your own extra draw item here and that will be this button.
The default rack native button where I say log out where I want to add a color off let's say colors
dot primary and wear on press.
I now want to dispatch this logout action and now we'll have a huge problem here.
How can we dispatched us from here.
Now first of all if you saved this you should be seeing this.
So here if you expand the draw here's the logout button.
Right so this works.
And of course you can style in position is whoever you want.
And by the way just double check.
We can also see this on Android if we do log in there
here in the drawer.
We also have to log out button by the way we might want to add a little bit more padding on the top
but how can we dispatch everything.
And I will add some extra padding here.
Of 20
because my safe area of you were X but it does barely leave more spacing than I need.
So in order to have some extra spacing a little bit of padding can't hurt.
I think that's better.
But again how can we now make sure that we can dispatch an action year well this is a react component
right.
So in the end we can simply use dispatch here.
So we can import use dispatch here from react redux.
So what we did before and used it in here because you can use this hook in any component and this is
just a component so in here before we return J is X I can get access to my dispatch function with use
dispatch and therefore now here when we press this button we can call dispatch and dispatch our off
action for dad of course you just need to make sure you are importing it.
So import everything as of actions from the store folder the actions folder do all file and now use
all the actions to create dead action here all the action stored log out whips log out like this and
this should dispatch to log all the action now besides that I also want to navigate away so we can all
to call props navigation dot navigate that will be available here and go back to the off screen here.
So basically to this off screen here and the switch navigator our draw is part of the shop navigator
so we can all go to the off screen from there.
Now when we dispatch logout I want to make sure that in the reducer we're also doing something.
We have our logout action creator here.
So in the reducer and you offered user I wanted a new case to log out case for Dad you should make sure
you are importing the logout identifier.
And of course here it's very simple I return my initial state which in the ads means that the token
is reset and the user I.D. is reset and now let's give this a try.
If I go back here and I now click log out I am back on the off screen.
So that works.
Let's also give it a try on Android
I click on log out here.
We're back.
So this is working.
We're almost there with that but we also should be locked out automatically if the token expired because
it has an expiration date.
And right now we have no automatic expiry.